feat(datasource/galaxy-collection): add custom registry support (#19486)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/galaxy-collection/readme.md

This datasource identifies ansible collection source repositories.
By default [https://galaxy.ansible.com](https://galaxy.ansible.com) is used.

Custom registries currently support the following:

> - setting your own host - this assumes the same API as `https://galaxy.ansible.com` uses, `/api/v2/collections` will be appended.
> - setting a complete custom URL including pathes - e.g. if you use a private automation hub. This URL is used as-is, so you have to provide the correct path where the collections can be found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting your own host - this assumes the same API as `https://galaxy.ansible.com` uses, `/api/v2/collections` will be appended
- Setting a complete custom URL including paths, for example if you use a private automation hub. This URL is used as-is, so you have to provide the correct path where the collections can be found
```

- Start sentences with a capital letter
- Fix typo in word `pathes` -> `paths`
- We don't use `.` at the end of a list item in our docs
- I don't like `e.g.` and `i.e`, so let's use `for example` instead 😄

This datasource identifies ansible collection source repositories.
By default [https://galaxy.ansible.com](https://galaxy.ansible.com) is used.

Custom registries currently support the following:

- setting your own host - this assumes the same API as `https://galaxy.ansible.com` uses.
- setting a complete custom URL including pathes - e.g. if you use a private automation hub.

An example for the custom url:

```yaml
# cat requirements.yml
---
collections:
  - name: community.general
    version: 6.1.0
    source: https://automationhub.example.com/api/galaxy/content/community/v3/collection
```

> Currently the datasource does not handle authentication.

Reviewer 2: Is there any reason why Renovate's standard `hostRules` approach won't work?
